In programming, we often use code to perform a specific task multiple times. 
Instead of rewriting the same code, we can group a block of code together and associate it with one task, 
then we can reuse that block of code whenever we need to perform the task again. 
We achieve this by creating a function. 
A function is a reusable block of code that groups together a sequence of statements to perform a specific task.

- Function Declarations

n JavaScript, there are many ways to create a function. 
One way to create a function is by using a function declaration. 
a variable declaration binds a value to a variable name, a function declaration binds a function to a name, or an identifier.

A function declaration consists of:

The function keyword.
The name of the function, or its identifier, followed by parentheses.
A function body, or the block of statements required to perform a specific task, enclosed in the function’s curly brackets, { }.

function getReminder() {
  console.log('Water the plants.')
}

- Calling a Function

a function declaration does not ask the code inside the function body to run, it just declares the existence of the function. 
The code inside a function body runs, or executes, only when the function is called. 
To call a function in your code, you type the function name followed by parentheses.

This function call executes the function body, or all of the statements between the curly braces in the function declaration.

- Parameters and Arguments

some functions can take inputs and use the inputs to perform a task.
When declaring a function, we can specify its parameters. 
Parameters allow functions to accept input(s) and perform a task using the input(s). 
We use parameters as placeholders for information that will be passed to the function when it is called.

function Area (width, height) {
   console.log(width * height);
}

When calling a function that has parameters, we specify the values in the parentheses that follow the function name. 
The values that are passed to the function when it is called are called arguments. 
Arguments can be passed to the function as values or variables.

Area(10, 6):

# 60

Notice that the order in which arguments are passed and assigned follows the order that the parameters are declared.

function sayThanks(name) {
  console.log('Thank you for your purchase ' + name + '! We appreciate your purchase.');
}

sayThanks('Mat');

- Default Parameters

















